We will be making our application with python. Python has multiple options for linting, but most popular are Pylint and Flake8. Both have their advantages and disadvantages, but for most cases either one works just fine. For testing our code, we again have many options. Most straight forward approach would be using Unittest, a test framework and runner thats build in to pythons standard library. This is usually the easiest way for smaller and simpler programs, but when the scale increases, becomes writing tests this way pretty tedious. In my opinion, a great alternative is Pytest. It can run test written for Unittest, but it also supports its own syntax. It's generally simpler and less time consuming way to write more understandable tests and would probably fit our needs well. In python there isn't usually a need to build the project. However, if needed, python can be compiled into a binary using somewhat popular python package called PyInstaller. This is rarely needed though. To make sure we use all these tools, we need a continous integration server to handle these. Some options, excluding github actions and jenkins, like Go CD and Bazel are easier to use and work for most situations, but if you need more control over your integration server, there are options like BuildBot, that require one to setup and configure the server way more. When it comes to hosting the application, cloud based hosting would suit us in most cases, especially since our team isn't massive, having the enviroment setup for us is massive help.
